{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 University model\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The objective of this assignment is to instill in you the techniques for turning an object model into a machine for information gathering and data aggregation. We want to use software engineering techniques to improve the quality of education anywhere and hold people accountable for improving the quality of life through education, learning to learn, and feedback. Your task is to study ways to create a performance measurement solution to enable universities to measure the quality of the education they deliver to their students. The approach will be to look into how an\
educational system in terms of faculty and courses contribute to the growth of their graduates over a 5-year period. You must figure out ways to track the jobs and promotions graduates get over time and assign rankings accordingly. In addition, track the connection of courses and their relevance to graduates' growth.\
One of your deliverables will be to design a dashboard that enables college and university administrators to compare the performance of their academic units. One additional question is to consider ways to define your own ranking system for students to decide where they want to go for their studies. The current system is biased toward research.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Deliverables
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b Report outlining your proposed solution.
\f1\b0 \
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b Sequence diagrams showing how to navigate the university object model to deliver performance metrics needed for performance and feedback.
\f1\b0 \
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b A class diagram showing the changes to the university model to support the new capabilities. This diagram must include the additional methods and attributes required to deliver the results.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'a0\
\'a0\
Note\
Java implementation is not required, just a report with the specifications of how to implement such\
a solution. This report is required to be uploaded on GitHub.\
\'a0\
Hope this material will help you understand the UML class diagram:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UI6lqHOVHic\
University Model demo:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nam12.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftranscripts.gotomeeting.com%2F%23%2Fs%2Fe4b10ca1c2933caf50f5847fa57bc99749114dfb8c8fcfa9ea7cf81c4681ffce&amp;data=04%7C01%7Cwu.hao8%40northeastern.edu%7C5b618cc33bd445d68abf08d98bdc835e%7Ca8eec281aaa34daeac9b9a398b9215e7%7C0%7C0%7C637694601495045581%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C1000&amp;sdata=8z0wNxnC1LlykpugZUQcpRteAXaUk7X762U5HoNTaSI%3D&amp;reserved=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://nam12.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftranscripts.gotomeeting.com%2F%23%2Fs%2Fe4b10ca1c2933caf50f5847fa57bc99749114dfb8c8fcfa9ea7cf81c4681ffce&amp;data=04%7C01%7Cwu.hao8%40northeastern.edu%7C5b618cc33bd445d68abf08d98bdc835e%7Ca8eec281aaa34daeac9b9a398b9215e7%7C0%7C0%7C637694601495045581%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C1000&amp;sdata=8z0wNxnC1LlykpugZUQcpRteAXaUk7X762U5HoNTaSI%3D&amp;reserved=0\
\'a0(Links}}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Identify Classes\
{\listtext	0.	}Identify relations b/w classes\
{\listtext	0.	}What attributes and access modifiers for the classes\
{\listtext	0.	}\
{\listtext	0.	}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 University\
\
Colleges\
\
Departments\
\
Courses  \
Professor A	Professor B\
Students-A	Students-B\
\
Co-Op\
\
Full Time Job\
\
.\
.\
.\
.\
.\
?\
\
\
\
Metrics:-(for ranking university)\
\
Student vs faculty ratio!!\
Citations per faculty(research)\
Intake vs graduation rate,\
Graduation vs co-op,\
Co-op vs full time,\
College fee vs Salary(Full time)\
	- location \
	- weather\
	- scholarships\
	- onCampus jobs\
	- International student ratio (diversity)\
	- infrastructure\
\
\
Assumptions:-\
	-Students shall update his status after his promotion or job shift!!\
\
Q/A -TA\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Breaking the problem statement into two submodes. Ranking and tracking.\
{\listtext	0.	}5100-Modeling PPT(28) has some model, \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
-Private\
+Public\
#Protected\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 W3quizs\
Tutorial points\
From our normal quiz.}